Use _doc if ES major version is 7 (#9056)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

==== Added

*Affecting all Beats*

> - Use _doc as document type of the Elasticsearch major version is 7. {pull}9056[9056]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use _doc as document type if the Elasticsearch major version is 7 or newer. {pull}9056[9056]
```

*Affecting all Beats*
- Unify dashboard exporter tools. {pull}9097[9097]
- Use _doc as document type of the Elasticsearch major version is 7. {pull}9056[9056]

> - Use _doc as document type if the Elasticsearch major version is 7. {pull}9056[9056]

Reviewer: Rebase duplicated :-(

- add_cloud_metadata initialization is performed asynchronously to avoid delays on startup. {pull}8845[8845]
- Added the `redirect_stderr` option that allows panics to be logged to log files. {pull}8430[8430]

> *Auditbeat*

Reviewer: ?

Author: rebase artifact. Removed.
